replace source links with xref links (#34953)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/release-notes/aspnetcore-9/includes/openAPI_completion.md

Recognizing this gap, we have introduced a new completion provider and code fixer. These tools are designed to facilitate the discovery and use of OpenAPI APIs, making it easier for developers to integrate OpenAPI into their projects. The completion provider offers real-time code suggestions, while the code fixer assists in correcting common mistakes and improving API usage. This enhancement is part of our ongoing commitment to improve the developer experience and streamline API-related workflows.

> When a user types a statement where an OpenAPI-related API is available, the completion provider displays a recommendation for the API. For example, in the following screenshots, completions for <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.OpenApiServiceCollectionExtensions.AddOpenApi> and <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.OpenApiEndpointRouteBuilderExtensions.MapOpenApi> are provided when a user is entering an invocation statement on a supported type, such as [IEndpointConventionBuilder](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.builder.iendpointconventionbuilder):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user types a statement where an OpenAPI-related API is available, the completion provider displays a recommendation for the API. For example, in the following screenshots, completions for <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.OpenApiServiceCollectionExtensions.AddOpenApi> and <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.OpenApiEndpointRouteBuilderExtensions.MapOpenApi> are provided when a user is entering an invocation statement on a supported type, such as <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.IEndpointConventionBuilder>:
```

### Support for schema transformers on OpenAPI documents

> Built-in OpenAPI support now ships with support for schema transformers that can be used to modify schemas generated by [System.Text.Json](/dotnet/api/system.text.json) and the OpenAPI implementation. Like document and operation transformers, schema transformers can be registered on the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.OpenApiOptions> object. For example, the following code sample demonstrates using a schema transformer to add an example to a type's schema.

Reviewer: A good example where the full name link is handy ...

```suggestion
Built-in OpenAPI support now ships with support for schema transformers that can be used to modify schemas generated by <xref:System.Text.Json?displayProperty=fullName> and the OpenAPI implementation. Like document and operation transformers, schema transformers can be registered on the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.OpenApiOptions> object. For example, the following code sample demonstrates using a schema transformer to add an example to a type's schema.
```
